years ago when I was younger my parents took me on vacation in the
city ​​and everywhere that hydrates her
half of them
so much debate said so much one against another winning team
I wanted to know everything you need to know about the PNV
and they showed me step by step how the foot worked in their bed and throw
the ideas of the first time you try
zelaya gets stuck starting
It was great when I got home we left Beijing that at every moment of the
day I wanted to do the best half chandor that everyone and who happened
After Antonio decided they had announced that he competed
and destiny to teach to play beauty every child that huca
it seemed impossible but I knew that I had to teach them there are stages of
xinjiang and tizapán make history and without personally attending art that returns to
the city in clubs or have invited me to the tournament
that explains everything, it may not be the best in your town but that's not great
thing we do not doubt taison and do not be brusque lt10 an apology thanks
the t worry becker status ale
hear it or worse things so you know why I'm here to train
and that's a friend we are here to make your dreams of life come true and meditated
this end that
and good
oberá edad
that story is moving but now maybe because there it happens
at this campaign height he will be a big fighter but now we do not have
time to train the map
we have to concentrate on the American tournament
it's a bad team, but that's how I see it, nothing more to say
be so severe the door or
the last battle in berkeley
it was the fourth one has perished
that means that we are not the number one right
the forgotten nothing there is a lot of time to train
I would also say that it is quite difficult to practice at the border
this does not look like the fight training center but here
we are and we can not leave
nothing more guys take a look around let's forget that practice
relax for once life is too short to discuss
keep it so that everything is
mixed adobe houses
the restaurant were missing please Antonio I'm at your side premiere moment
pp aralar ea and eb efe
this means that we end up with belinda spain
my idea the gentleman says that the tooth
louis
piana
what good ap
expte
that too
this year
It is true
This makes no sense
stressed that the same Mr. validity
and well he says he does not know is that things are wrong
things are being done
this is what is written here explains why to carpinteyro
says that the fault to him would have to see it and pool stores according to
this we have to completely redesign turbid and to optimize two beasts life
otherwise he is doomed to lose again
no no no this means that there is and if we will have to be awake all the
night trying to find a solution to this as it redesigned mild April
he does not
those laws that you have to reconfigure
free
then you can make yourself feel
Frankfurt agencies with birds as much as I do
but we have to make the attempt you can do it g is like that and while there are
a whole carnival of spare parts here
compared to the training center this place is a desert
I was tempting Mr. dispensation for dinner
do not worry guys
I know he has a plan
but what are we doing up here
precisely through the art of the army
for that reason with small containers of it
so they are in front you have to make sure behind him especially
where is it
otherwise the dengue incidence rate
this week I have been given
the laws of that office
jaar harvard advances down
with the improvement
well not exactly the exercise
need a poster
fourth place
He referred that it would be a bridge fighting genil
Brussels from one moment to another
it's a year-end
but she wants to be better at this so do additional tasks and asthma
apparently everything I can and listening since the world champion
You can dream everything you want, but that will help because when
wake up from your dream you will understand that nothing has changed
there's only one way to make that come true you have to devote all your
life to sport concentrate on that otherwise friend is like you're
wasting time
maybe you can perform high quality work that you see improve
I really do not have time for this, that is what matters because the
citizens ride
besides her and can not walk medicine
when doing much better than them now but the day will come when I am
there before the cut the attack the matter the fourth victory of the year and
he said sorry until he chopped up like this
jeter the world champion of the opera in more than a couple of navarra
they also stand out from study
now I understand why you are also against and are
both are very happy to be saying both believe they can do what
that they want while in themselves nothing
a lot and that today is a lot of time
rada antonio
I would like to win
you already know uu
mike bibby criticize
she worked tehran
the norm morandini
with everyone who enters
already in the last campaign antonio and both in Spain trying to do now the
Mandatory week considered the largest
a member of the unicameral parliament